what's a typical Dayna life like of a
software engineer working at fame so
typically I wake up around 90 a.m. I
shower brush my teeth do all that fun
stuff get ready by at nine thirty years
old and then I head into work and I get
it around 10:00 so the good thing about
Seattle is that unlike the Bay Area in
New York it's a really really compact
city so it doesn't take that long to get
to work so right now it's about 9:30 ish
and we are going towards the office
usually he would take an uber but I'm
gonna give him a ride today
this one's on me buddy other than the
strange one-way roads of siano getting
to work only took about eight minutes
after I get into work around 10a and
typically what I do is I make a cup of
coffee for myself and I sit down and I
just read all my emails catch up on all
new work that's been happening like
after I left the office or I didn't have
a chance to do the day before and then
I'll just do work
I'll engineer software and in terms of
what that actually means day to day
sometimes it means that I'll be writing
a lot of code sometimes it means I'll
just be in a lot of meetings talking to
people a lot of times there'll be
something in between one of the funny
things about software engineering that
people have a misconception about is
that all you do is sit in front of a
screen and stare at a text editor all
day I would actually say that not a lot
of my time is in front of an editor a
lot of it is talking to people and
figuring out what we should actually be
doing it's coordinating meetings like
writing minutes it's writing like
communicating between people it's
sometimes just thinking sitting in my
chair thinking about what to do as well
in terms of time I spend actually in the
editor I don't think it's that much
maybe a couple hours per day this is the
free food Wow
it looked nicer half an hour ago but
Hoffler didn't dry fast enough here
free always is so good so there's like
different purposes to your meetings
there's meetings are just status updates
like people who are all working on the
same project give a status update about
what they're doing
there's meetings that are about aligning
on a direction so let's say we want to
do a thing but a bunch of different
people want to do the same thing and
they don't know what's the best way to
do this we gotta figure it out together
which direction we're going in and
committing to there's me days are just
informational like I asked like can you
just tell me everything you know about
this because I don't understand it
there's like personal development
meetings like I have one-on-ones with a
manager to talk about my career growth
performance like my goals projects I
have one-on-ones with my mentor who
tells me about like how I should
approach certain situations I can ask
questions about how to be more effective
it's not as if I'm just sitting down in
a chair and coding all day around four
times a week I stopped by the company
gym to work out I do if you weren't here
I would if you weren't here yeah around
6:00 p.m. I usually head out to get
dinner and then I go home we are in East
Lake area of Seattle
Krim barbecue grill - jeff bezos we
waited like an hour just to get this but
I am so hungry and that looks way better
than I expected
personally speaking this thing I dislike
the most about Seattle is how it's very
much a tech city so the most common
profession that you'll see here is
software engineer especially if you are
a software engineer that's kind of what
your social circles naturally form the
most interesting thing is all the people
here are from Amazon and that's most of
Seattle's population honestly because
all the tech companies are headquartered
right here and while there's like
nothing inherently wrong with software
engineers it does make me missed a
variety of when I was in college I knew
a lot of people from all sorts of
different backgrounds with different
dreams and aspirations and all that
stuff it does sometimes feel like that
everyone in Seattle is just some is a
fang software engineer just moved here
recently no one's from here
and after I get home typically I don't
do any more work but if there's
something I really like have on my mind
I have the energy still maybe I'll write
some more code that I didn't get to
during the day because I had meetings
the nice thing about working as a
software engineers is very flexible and
you can kind of do work whenever
wherever
sometimes I've only go to the office for
like four hours out of a day do
something random during the day and I'll
come home and I'll do a lot of my coding
and stuff asynchronously away from other
people so it's nice to have that
flexibility a lot of the other times I'm
just playing video games or I'm just
hanging out with people or just doing
something to kill time especially in
Seattle where it's really cloudy a lot
of the times it's hard to have a lot of
energy to be like super peppy and go out
and do a lot of high-energy activities
oh I guess some of the things that I do
after work is sometimes I go play
volleyball piano lessons or dance
classes or I'll just watch half of go
vlogs on YouTube and then I usually go
to bed around 11:30 p.m. to get ready
for work the next day and that was a day
in the life of a software engineer click
subscribe and watch the next video of
how much they get paid